{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_ZVM_Site_Names: ZVM Site Name must be unique.\
2. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_ZVM_Site_Names: Protected? must be Yes or No.\
3. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_ZVM_Site_Names: Recovery? must be Yes or No.\
4. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_ZVM_Site_Names: each site must be Protected and/or Recovery; at least one of Protected? or Recovery? must be Yes.\
5. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Label_1: Label 1 values must be unique.\
6. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Label_2: Label 2 values must be unique.\
7. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Label_3: Label 3 values must be unique.\
8. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Label_4: Label 4 values must be unique.\
9. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Label_5: Label 5 values must be unique.\
10. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Boot_Order_Groups: Meta Group Name + Group Name combination must be unique.\
11. Zerto Data - Zerto_Data_Boot_Order_Groups: Boot Delay (Secs) must be between 1 and 999.\
12. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VMs: Protected ZVM Site Name must be one of the protected ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
13. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VMs: VM Name must be unique per Protected ZVM Site Name.\
14. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VMs: CPU Count, if provided, must be between 1 and 256.\
15. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VMs: Memory (GiB), if provided, must be between 1 and 4096.\
16. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_Volumes: Protected ZVM Site Name must be one of the protected ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
17. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_Volumes: VM Name must belong to the selected Protected ZVM Site Name.\
18. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_Volumes: Protected ZVM Site Name + VM Name + Volume Location combination must be unique.\
19. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_Volumes: Provisioned Size (GiB), if provided, must be between 1 and 65536.\
20. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_NICs: Protected ZVM Site Name must be one of the protected ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
21. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_NICs: VM Name must belong to the selected Protected ZVM Site Name.\
22. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Protected_ZVM_VM_NICs: Protected ZVM Site Name + VM Name + NIC Name combination must be unique.\
23. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Hosts: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
24. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Hosts: Recovery ZVM Site Name + Host Name combination must be unique.\
25. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Hosts: CPU Count, if provided, must be between 1 and 256.\
26. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Hosts: Memory (GiB), if provided, must be between 1 and 4096.\
27. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Datastores: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
28. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Datastores: Recovery ZVM Site Name + Datastore Name combination must be unique.\
29. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Datastores: Size (GiB), if provided, must be between 1 and 65536.\
30. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Folders: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
31. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Folders: Recovery ZVM Site Name + Folder Name combination must be unique.\
32. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Networks: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
33. Hypervisor Data - Hypervisor_Data_Recovery_ZVM_Networks: Recovery ZVM Site Name + Network Name combination must be unique.\
34. Default VPG Settings: Protected Site must be one of the protected ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
35. Default VPG Settings: Recovery Site must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
36. Default VPG Settings: VPG Type must be one of: Remote DR and Continuous Backup, Cyber Recovery, Local Continuous Backup, Data Mobility and Migration.\
37. Default VPG Settings: Priority must be one of: Low, Medium, High.\
38. Default VPG Settings: Journal History Value/Unit must be provided together.\
39. Default VPG Settings: Journal History Unit must be Hours or Days.\
40. Default VPG Settings: Journal History Value must be 1-30 when Unit is Days.\
41. Default VPG Settings: Journal History Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
42. Default VPG Settings: Target RPO Alert Value/Unit must be provided together.\
43. Default VPG Settings: Target RPO Alert Unit must be Seconds, Minutes, or Hours.\
44. Default VPG Settings: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-2592000 when Unit is Seconds.\
45. Default VPG Settings: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-43200 when Unit is Minutes.\
46. Default VPG Settings: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
47. Default VPG Settings: Test Reminder must be one of: None, 3 Months, 6 Months, 9 Months, 12 Months.\
48. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
49. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
50. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
51. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
52. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
53. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
54. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
55. Default VPG Settings: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
56. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
57. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
58. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
59. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
60. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
61. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
62. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
63. Default VPG Settings: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
64. Default VPG Settings: Enable WAN Traffic Compression must be Yes or No.\
65. Default VPG Settings: Disk Provisioning Override must be As-is, Thin, or Thick.\
66. Default VPG Settings: Recovery Folder Name must be one of the recovery folders from Hypervisor Data.\
67. Default VPG Settings: Volume Sync Type must be Continuous Sync, Initial Sync Only, or No Sync (Empty Disk).\
68. Default VPG Settings: Pre-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds) must be between 300 and 6000.\
69. Default VPG Settings: Post-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds) must be between 300 and 6000.\
70. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
71. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
72. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Subnet Mask is currently mandatory.\
73. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Default Gateway is currently mandatory.\
74. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Preferred DNS Server is currently mandatory.\
75. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - Alternate DNS Server is currently mandatory.\
76. Default VPG Settings: Failover Live / Move - DNS Suffix is currently mandatory.\
77. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
78. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
79. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Subnet Mask is currently mandatory.\
80. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Default Gateway is currently mandatory.\
81. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Preferred DNS Server is currently mandatory.\
82. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - Alternate DNS Server is currently mandatory.\
83. Default VPG Settings: Failover Test - DNS Suffix is currently mandatory.\
84. Default VPG Settings: Extended Journal - Run at (HH:MI), if provided, must be a valid time.\
85. Default VPG Settings: Extended Journal - Number of automatic retry commands, if provided, must be between 0 and 10.\
86. Default VPG Settings: Extended Journal - Wait time between retries (minutes), if provided, must be between 10 and 60.\
87. Recovery ZVM Sites: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
88. Recovery ZVM Sites: Recovery ZVM Site Name must be unique.\
89. Recovery ZVM Sites: VPG Type must be one of: Remote DR and Continuous Backup, Cyber Recovery, Local Continuous Backup, Data Mobility and Migration.\
90. Recovery ZVM Sites: Priority must be Low, Medium, or High.\
91. Recovery ZVM Sites: Recovery Host Name must be one of the hosts for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
92. Recovery ZVM Sites: Recovery Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
93. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal History Value/Unit must be provided together.\
94. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal History Unit must be Hours or Days.\
95. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal History Value must be 1-30 when Unit is Days.\
96. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal History Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
97. Recovery ZVM Sites: Target RPO Alert Value/Unit must be provided together.\
98. Recovery ZVM Sites: Target RPO Alert Unit must be Seconds, Minutes, or Hours.\
99. Recovery ZVM Sites: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-2592000 when Unit is Seconds.\
100. Recovery ZVM Sites: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-43200 when Unit is Minutes.\
101. Recovery ZVM Sites: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
102. Recovery ZVM Sites: Test Reminder must be one of: None, 3 Months, 6 Months, 9 Months, 12 Months.\
103. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
104. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
105. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
106. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
107. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
108. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
109. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
110. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
111. Recovery ZVM Sites: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
112. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
113. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
114. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
115. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
116. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
117. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
118. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
119. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
120. Recovery ZVM Sites: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
121. Recovery ZVM Sites: Enable WAN Traffic Compression must be Yes or No.\
122. Recovery ZVM Sites: Disk Provisioning Override must be As-is, Thin, or Thick.\
123. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Live / Move Network Name must be one of the networks for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
124. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Test Network Name must be one of the networks for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
125. Recovery ZVM Sites: Recovery Folder Name must be one of the folders for that Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
126. Recovery ZVM Sites: Pre-Recovery Script Name, if provided, must be one of the recovery scripts from Zerto Data.\
127. Recovery ZVM Sites: Pre-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds), if provided, must be between 300 and 6000.\
128. Recovery ZVM Sites: Post-Recovery Script Name, if provided, must be one of the recovery scripts from Zerto Data.\
129. Recovery ZVM Sites: Post-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds), if provided, must be between 300 and 6000.\
130. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Live / Move - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
131. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Live / Move - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
132. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Test - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
133. Recovery ZVM Sites: Failover Test - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
134. VPGs: VPG Name must be unique.\
135. VPGs: Protected ZVM Site Name, if provided, must be one of the protected ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
136. VPGs: Recovery ZVM Site Name, if provided, must be one of the recovery ZVM sites from Zerto Data.\
137. VPGs: VPG Type must be one of: Remote DR and Continuous Backup, Cyber Recovery, Local Continuous Backup, Data Mobility and Migration.\
138. VPGs: Priority must be Low, Medium, or High.\
139. VPGs: Label 1 must be one of the Label 1 values from Zerto Data.\
140. VPGs: Label 2 must be one of the Label 2 values from Zerto Data.\
141. VPGs: Label 3 must be one of the Label 3 values from Zerto Data.\
142. VPGs: Label 4 must be one of the Label 4 values from Zerto Data.\
143. VPGs: Label 5 must be one of the Label 5 values from Zerto Data.\
144. VPGs: Boot Order Meta Group Name must be one of the boot order meta groups from Zerto Data.\
145. VPGs: Recovery Host Name must be one of the hosts for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
146. VPGs: Recovery Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
147. VPGs: Journal History Value/Unit must be provided together.\
148. VPGs: Journal History Unit must be Hours or Days.\
149. VPGs: Journal History Value must be 1-30 when Unit is Days.\
150. VPGs: Journal History Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
151. VPGs: Target RPO Alert Value/Unit must be provided together.\
152. VPGs: Target RPO Alert Unit must be Seconds, Minutes, or Hours.\
153. VPGs: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-2592000 when Unit is Seconds.\
154. VPGs: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-43200 when Unit is Minutes.\
155. VPGs: Target RPO Alert Value must be 1-720 when Unit is Hours.\
156. VPGs: Test Reminder must be one of: None, 3 Months, 6 Months, 9 Months, 12 Months.\
157. VPGs: Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
158. VPGs: Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
159. VPGs: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
160. VPGs: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
161. VPGs: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
162. VPGs: Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
163. VPGs: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
164. VPGs: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
165. VPGs: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
166. VPGs: Scratch Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
167. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
168. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
169. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
170. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
171. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
172. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
173. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
174. VPGs: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
175. VPGs: Enable WAN Traffic Compression must be Yes or No.\
176. VPGs: Disk Provisioning Override must be As-is, Thin, or Thick.\
177. VPGs: Failover Live / Move - Network Name must be one of the networks for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
178. VPGs: Failover Test Network Name must be one of the networks for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
179. VPGs: Recovery Folder Name must be one of the folders for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
180. VPGs: Pre-Recovery Script Name, if provided, must be one of the recovery scripts from Zerto Data.\
181. VPGs: Pre-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds), if provided, must be between 1 and 900.\
182. VPGs: Post-Recovery Script Name, if provided, must be one of the recovery scripts from Zerto Data.\
183. VPGs: Post-Recovery Script Execution Timeout (Seconds), if provided, must be between 1 and 900.\
184. VM Replication: VPG Name must be one of the VPG names from the VPGs sheet.\
185. VM Replication: VM Name must belong to the protected site for that VPG.\
186. VM Replication: Label 1 must be one of the Label 1 values from Zerto Data.\
187. VM Replication: Label 2 must be one of the Label 2 values from Zerto Data.\
188. VM Replication: Label 3 must be one of the Label 3 values from Zerto Data.\
189. VM Replication: Label 4 must be one of the Label 4 values from Zerto Data.\
190. VM Replication: Label 5 must be one of the Label 5 values from Zerto Data.\
191. VM Replication: Boot Order Group Name must belong to the Boot Order Meta Group selected on that VPG.\
192. VM Replication: Recovery Host Name must be one of the hosts for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
193. VM Replication: Recovery Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
194. VM Replication: Recovery Folder Name must be one of the folders for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
195. VM Replication: Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
196. VM Replication: Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
197. VM Replication: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
198. VM Replication: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
199. VM Replication: Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
200. VM Replication: Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
201. VM Replication: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
202. VM Replication: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
203. VM Replication: Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
204. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Datastore Name must be one of the datastores for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
205. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
206. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
207. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
208. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Hard Limit Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
209. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Unit must be GiB, %, or Unlimited.\
210. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 10-99999 when Unit is GiB.\
211. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be 1-1000 when Unit is %.\
212. VM Replication: Scratch Journal Size Warning Threshold Value must be blank when Unit is Unlimited.\
213. VM Storage: VPG Name must be one of the VPG names from the VPGs sheet.\
214. VM Storage: VM Name must belong to the protected site for that VPG.\
215. VM Storage: Protected Volume Location must belong to the selected VM and protected site.\
216. VM Storage: VPG Name + VM Name + Protected Volume Location combination must be unique.\
217. VM Storage: Disk Provisioning Override must be As-is, Thin, or Thick.\
218. VM Storage: Volume Sync Type must be Continuous Sync, Initial Sync Only, or No Sync (Empty Disk).\
219. VM NICs: VPG Name must be one of the VPG names from the VPGs sheet.\
220. VM NICs: VM Name must belong to the protected site for that VPG.\
221. VM NICs: NIC Name must belong to the selected VM and protected site.\
222. VM NICs: Protected Network Name must match the protected network for that VM/NIC.\
223. VM NICs: VPG Name + VM Name + NIC Name combination must be unique.\
224. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Network Name must be one of the networks for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
225. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
226. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
227. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - IP Address, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
228. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Subnet Mask, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 subnet mask.\
229. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Default Gateway, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
230. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Preferred DNS Server, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
231. VM NICs: Failover Live / Move - Alternate DNS Server, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
232. VM NICs: Failover Test - Network Name must be one of the networks for that VPG\'92s Recovery ZVM Site Name.\
233. VM NICs: Failover Test - Create new MAC address must be Yes or No.\
234. VM NICs: Failover Test - Change vNIC IP Config must be No, Yes, DHCP, or Yes, Static.\
235. VM NICs: Failover Test - IP Address, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
236. VM NICs: Failover Test - Subnet Mask, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 subnet mask.\
237. VM NICs: Failover Test - Default Gateway, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
238. VM NICs: Failover Test - Preferred DNS Server, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.\
239. VM NICs: Failover Test - Alternate DNS Server, if provided, must be a valid IPv4 address.}